---
layout: post
title: "First PAASTA Conference"
categories: Events
sidebar_link: true
---

### PAASTA Conference - New Methods & Approaches
This autumn we are organising the first PAASTA conference with the theme "New Methods & Approaches".
The conference will be a one-day online event and will be held on the 26th of September. 
In the morning there will be four invited talks on the current state of palaeoproteomics, as well as on what the future might bring. In the afternoon, there will be four sessions of 10 minute talks by early career researchers for which we would like to invite abstracts. Apart from the standard one-presenter presentations, we would also like to encourage TAG team presentations by researchers from different groups working on similar topics. You can sign up as a pre-formed team or allow to be matched to other presenters by the organisation.

### Practical details
- Date: 26-09-2024
- Location: online
- Theme: New Methods & Approaches
- [Registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfxJJ9O092rZfmcCM3b8w38vozN2pZvyPs71arx8HV1OCNLVw/viewform)
- Abstract registration deadline: 31-07-2024
- Presentation length: 10 min

### Sessions:
- Extraction:
New lab methods and everything else related to protein extraction.
- Bioinformatics - Identification & Validation:
Processing the mass spectrometric data, how to make the most of spectra and how to be confident in the authenticity and endogeneity of protein and PTM identifications.
- New materials - "Hidden Gems":
Developments on the analysis of less commonly analysed materials and their potential.
- The PAASTA salad:
Any talks that do not fit neatly in any of the other sessions, but would be of great interest to the palaeoproteomics community.

### Programme:
<!-- <iframe src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JD-PalaeoProteo/PAASTA-community/assets/files/PAASTA_conf_programme_v1.pdf" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe> -->
<!-- <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13qkhE-wfQ45rrXuFSXRuHaiuDunWVgUG/preview" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe> -->

<object data="assets/files/PAASTA_conf_programme_v1.pdf" width="1000" height="1000" type='application/pdf'/>

<!-- <embed src="/workspace/paasta-community.github.io/assets/files/PAASTA_conf_programme_v1.pdf" type="application/pdf" /> -->

<!-- {% pdf url="/assets/files/PAASTA_conf_programme_v1.pdf" %} -->

### Registration
You can register for the online conference using the following [registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfxJJ9O092rZfmcCM3b8w38vozN2pZvyPs71arx8HV1OCNLVw/viewform).

Further details will follow later.